you need to prove you're looking for
work
I've been looking trust me three
signatures by tomorrow or you can tell
it to the judge
tell me about a time when you worked
hard to solve the problem this morning
getting up we're gonna find you someone
you like
let me be your arms and your legs I love
all right penthouse you need to wait
your turn
relax it's not a holdup it just sounds
from please Oh what I sign it I don't
know
slowly what don't your arms work they
don't you can move your mouth as can you
I need assistance misses a peg hell yeah
you are not qualified for this position
[Music]
have you change your catheter nah pinch
the head insert me I can't feel it oh
well I can gonna feed your soul you
listen to it's cool thanks thank think
about what you're trying to do to me
it's amazing it sounds just like yeah
it's uncanny
he was rich is jay-z no Richard
[Music]
which cars yours all of these to the
right oh yeah they're not practical
exactly
you can have any girl you want for box
later on Botox I'll be perfect for each
other
you can't move your body she can't move
her face I specifically said nothing for
my birthday I'm sorry you gotta have a
surprise party in a huge mansion
someone's got real problems
I'm fighting to see my son and whose
fault is it is it yours or is the world
how to get you mad you want to break
this big-ass bottle of wine Dell made a
mess
[Music]
this is me be relaxed